Add DockerHub repo link to downloads page (#855)
apache/pulsar-site: src/pages/download.mdx

- [All Versions Schedule](pathname:///contribute/release-policy)
- [Release notes](pathname:///release-notes)

> ## Docker Image
> 
> The recommended way to run Pulsar is to use it as a Docker container.
> 
> - [DockerHub Repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/apachepulsar/pulsar)
> - [Run a standalone Pulsar cluster in Docker 📘](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/getting-started-docker/)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Container Image

Pulsar is also available as a container image.
- [DockerHub Repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/apachepulsar/pulsar)

The container image can be used with Docker and Kubernetes:
- [Run a standalone Pulsar cluster in Docker 📘](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/getting-started-docker/)
- [Apache Pulsar Helmchart](https://github.com/apache/pulsar-helm-chart/)
```
